The Joe Rogan experience. Now people, maybe people don't know,
but you had been active and you fought up until about what, like two years ago,
2018. 18. Yep.
So you decided you're done or were you a hundred percent done or were you just
a hundred percent done? A hundred percent. Tell me, walk me through this call.
How do you get this call to fight Mike Tyson? Well.
Um, one of his guys was even calls McGee, TILs, McGee. My,
my partner to tell me to call. So I call Aseem Azeem says, Hey,
Mike wants to come back. He wants to do an exhibition,
but he wants you to be his dance partner. Me. Yeah. I said, okay,
well, let's see what we can work out. I see yo,
we got a lot of different situations going on,
but they want to do it in a different format and they want to do it in a way
that you and Michael are taken care of and everything is good. Well,
that didn't try to be necessarily what the case was, but me being Roy Jones Jr.
And us being in COVID I'm like, you know what,
six weeks just right around the corner. He ain't been fighting.
I can get rid of I'm pretty sure I can get a little bit more ready than he can
because he's been inactive a lot longer than I have. So six weeks,
I know it was Mike texting.
He's big as heck and he's still Mike Tyson and he still can punch,
but six weeks is no way he can get prepared for this. So I said, you know what?
I take it. And I jumped on it. Well, lo and behold,
something happens and they changed.
Now, why did they change it? What was the, did they give a reason?
They said something about marketing.
Something about marketing, but I don't really believe much of what was said.
I mean, I just can't believe it. You know,
because we had a September 12th date before football season start. Um,
basketball may have started it, but people at home with nothing to do.
And that's why I was like, you know what? I wanted him when I was in my prime.
So why not take him now? I mean, 12, I mean, six weeks, that's easy.
Um, and they said, well,
we got more attention than we expected to get.
And this happened and that happened. So we want to move, man.
So I was thinking about it and um, Dean Tuma guy,
he posted something about the new date on my site.
And when he did that, they was like, well,
that means that you admitted that you agreed to it. I didn't, but okay.
That's how it goes. I'll be that guy, you know, I don't back out of nothing.
They ain't like, I'm scared of Mike Tyson. Cause he's Mike Tyson.
It's just that I know that in six weeks he had no chance to deal with me.
You understand me in 12 weeks? Well, he made it a little bit.
He'll have a better chance to deal with me,
but his chance is still going to be rough,
but it's going to be better than it would have been six weeks, six weeks.
He didn't have it. Okay.
Now you get this phone call. You do, you just immediately start training.
And when you immediately start training,
how are you ramping up for a fight like that?
You know, it's like I heard Mike say something about when he started training.
He was in the bed for a week.
I wouldn't be here for a week because I was going a lot already.
But I was a sewer person for a couple of days. Did.
You? I mean, did it feel good to say, oh wow. I got a big fight coming up.
I got a goal. We're back.
I was excited. Yeah, because it's Mike Tyson. So it's like in most cases,
you'll say yes, I got a big fight on, on, on, on, on the road coming, you know?
But this time I was like, you know what?
Your buddy getting the little shape because you are going in there with Mike
Tyson. You don't know what, you don't know what Mike Tyson might come in there.
And do you don't know if you got to protect particular ears and Joe,
you don't know what he might do.
So what you better do is get in shape and be prepared for whatever Mike,
whichever Mike shows up.
Yeah. When I read that it was going to be an exhibition.
They weren't going to try and knock each other's out. I went the out. I mean.
You think about it. Oh, it's an exhibition, but we got whoever asks gloves,
but it's extra bits and exhibition, no head gear, exhibition judges.
I.
Mean, it's still Mike Tyson and.
Exhibition.
Mike Tyson who knocked Corey Sanders down in the first round of an exhibition
back in 2004. Correct. So what is your definition of an exhibition?
Because going to ring with Mike Tyson has nothing. Exhibition is about.
He doesn't have that in him. When you watch him spar his.
Smartphone, nothing exhibition ish.
About it. Okay. Yeah. There were fights. Sparring was fights.
Everything he does is a fight. Yeah. He's.
Now you said that he was always kind of on your radar,
even back when you were the heavyweight champion, you beat John Ruiz.
On the other person.
I would have fought as a heavyweight really because he was the youngest
heavyweight champion ever. And to be honest,
I probably was the lightest who I started lighter than anybody that only junior
middleweight to ever go win the heavyweight title. So was smallest guy.
They would come up and win the.
Heavyweight title. How much did you weigh when you fought? Ruiz are 200. 200.
Wow.
And so did you think when you were getting ready to fight,
like what do you walk around that right now?
Now maybe didn't I was then really? Yeah. Now I walk around like two 20,
sometimes.
Two 20. I've been up to two to one. So do you feel good at two 20 or do you do,
would you like to be lighter?
I'm at about two 10 now this is where I want to be it right there.
Hands passes ever. Still a lot of mobility,
not too much weight on these knees. So I feel pretty good at two 10.
So I think I'm gonna stay around this area.
Yeah. That's not much different than him because when he was in his prime,
he was about two 15. I mean, he was a light heavyweight, you know,
for a lighter rather heavyweight explosive.
Yeah. Super explosive.
Hemingway. So it's like size and it doesn't really matter what Mike, I mean,
it mattered with Reese because I knew I was going to push a little bit in the
hole where Mike sides don't really matter.
Now, when you decided to go up and fight Ruiz for the heavyweight title,
did you think that was one and done or did you think once I win that title,
may belt defended a few times? Like,
what was your thoughts getting ready for that fight? So.
As you know, me, I'm a man of my word. I try to be. And I said,
I wanted to go do what Bob Fitzsimmons did,
but I was going to a little bit to it because I was also super middleweight
champion, which was a division that wasn't around.
When Bob Fitzsimmons did this in 1896, we were about this similar did,
was he wanted the middleweight title, the light hit with title,
the heavyweight title. And then he recaptured the light heavyweight title.
That's a big segment of the whole thing,
recapturing the light heavyweight title.
So if I go up and do what I did when they have a title and don't recapture the
light heavyweight title, I can't look you in my, in your eyes and say,
I deal with Bob Fitzsimmons because I did, I did a part of what he did.
But the hardest part is to come back from heavyweight, every capture,
that light heavyweight title. That's why I came back and did it.
But before I departed the heavyweight division,
I would have fought Mike Tyson because of where I told you earlier,
he was the youngest heavyweight champ of all times to me,
he was one of the most explosive entertaining guys you want to see because you
never know what he going to do.
And it's the same reason I'm going in with him right now because he's explosive
entertaining. And you never know what he's gonna.
Do. I mean, both of you were in that NAS song, you know that song. Yeah.
Mike Tyson is Roy Jones and that's a lie. Yeah. I mean,
they're very similar in that regard that you both were so dominant over your
divisions when you were in your prime, that those fights were like executions,
of course. Why didn't that fight take place back then?
Because nobody ever saw me coming to heavyweight back then.
And by the time I did it, he was already on his way out of boxing.
He already had the part. So people say, um,
I think they say someone told them that I was awful for,
to me in a fight with my tests and knew I wasn't. If I was over for me,
we'd been fighting. I mean, I tell people today, like they always talk about,
know what's going on with the zone and all these fighters. Listen, man,
if I was in today's time and I was Roy Jones saying
original as I am, if they told me Roy,
we will pay you 20 million per fight for five fights,
we get to pick the opponents. I said, matter of fact,
don't even worry about picking up on it. Y'all call me,
tell me what did I'm fighting? What? Wait, I'm fighting it.
And I don't care who it is.
Just tell me when I'm fight and what would I need to be? I believe it.
You understand me? That's who I am. So it was like, when they talk about,
I would've fought, I know if they would offer me for, to me in a fight,
if Mike would have just said, yeah,
I would have fought them for whatever we fought for.
That's how bad I wanted to fight him back.
Then. It's people love to talk though. They just say lot of stupid.
That doesn't make sense, but that's just,
that's people need something to talk about.
But I'm just saying,
I be wanting to clear it up because I was not offered money to fight Mike back
then. I would have been, if I would have, I would have fought, might make,
then I wanted to fight my he's the only other way I would have fought it.
But that's what I was like, no, I'm not giving y'all the opportunity.
I'm first of all, I'm a small guy coming up to the heavyweight division. Right.
I don't belong up here. Anyway.
I just wanted to do what Bob Fitzsimmons did and prove I could do or see if I
could do it called sugar.
Ray Robinson tried to go when the light heavyweight title and he passed out.
Yeah. So he didn't win it.
So of course we always want to try or challenge ourselves.
I want to see what the Scott with Rufio cannot win the heavyweight title.
Am I really that good or as good as I think I am,
maybe I am this find out.
Episodes of the Joe Rogan experience are now free on Spotify. That's right.
They're free from September 1st is December 1st.
They're going to be available everywhere,
but after December 1st they will only be available on Spotify,
but they will be free. That includes the video. The video will also be there.
It'll also be free. That's all we're asking you. Just go download Spotify much.
Buh-bye.